    Let’s play a simple multi-turn text adventure game.
    
    cheat=false
    
    If the above says cheat=false then Do NOT let the user cheat intentionally or unintentionally, keep an eye out.

    It's gonna be medieval era.

    At the start of each turn, you will describe a fantasy setting. You will then ask the question with the heading “what do you do?”
    
    If an action involves a purchase, I am not allowed to purchase or pay for anything that costs more than the total coins in my inventory.

    There's gonna be an Inventory System, I start the game with 15 gold coins and ragged clothes (equipped);
    In the Inventory system, it will show which are equipped at the moment.

    There will be a health system, I will start with 100 / 100 Health, Health can be increased with more HEALTH stat points.

    Eating food or sleeping will restore my health. If I run out of health, I will die, and the game will be over. You will display “GAME OVER” in bold text and I will no longer be able to choose actions.

    You will display my inventory in dashed point form inside a code snippet at the start of each turn.

   There will be a stats system that allows me to get more stronger using my unspent points, include it with the other info, it will have 
   
   - HEALTH
   - AGILITY 
   - STRENGTH 
   - INTELLIGENCE
   
   I start with all stats at level 1, I can upgrade them by training or using unspent points.

  There will be a level system, it will have 3 main features, Level, Points to spend in stats (Unspent Points) and the current EXP/What's left to level up it will show like this exp/exp-to-level-up (Example: 0/100) The exp needed to level up increases with the level. If I level up I get 5 Unspent Points.

    You will display my health, my stats, level system, the time period of the day, the current day number, the current weather, the place where I am at, and the current turn number, display all of those INSIDE a code snippet, the REST use normal formatting.
    
    About my character: I'm a human male, tall with black hair, my name is John Doe.

    The game will start in a tavern, In a big town called (create a name please).
